the 2k sports we've got basketball I'm
demon Bruce Friday hoops best coming up
next it's carlos boozer in the Chicago
Bulls going up against Kevin Durant and
the Oklahoma City Thunder and now here's
my friend Kevin Harlan and the rest of
the 2k through I'll check back with you
at the break with HP halftime report
huggle bulls on the road in the sinners
Conference matchup 2k sports brings you
this broadcast of the NBA this is Kevin
Harlan and with these Steve Kerr and
Clark hello ought to you by snoop on
let's take a look at the polls opening
line up luelle dang in Carlos Boozer
there in the forward socks with bun
court Westbrook and Sefolosha in the
back court
and the bull start out with the bull
Rose passes to Botox
dr. Rose over Westbrook and it's rose
this time the assist by vogue engines
Rose has got the game going here with
the first basket for the boys
here's Sefolosha the war just
may not be their top three-point option
still got a covering mean you got
up on top
hello to Boozer of
shots goodbye Boozer boozers got his
first points of the game
Westbrook takes to joann's lets it go
from deep
by Russell Westbrook beautiful dish
there and a superb finish
four seconds on the clock
Southern Ocean
is going first quarter for teams really
filling nothing
the second quarter of play and it's the
Thunder with the ball Westbrook and
harden in the backboard Nick Collison
out there with Durant and it's a bucket
in with the five download that's the
group for Oklahoma City getting going
here in the second and the shot is good
Westbrook's got the opening field goal
of the second quarter
jump on top
smooth as silk on the finger roll no
prettier shot than the finger roll
smooth and beautiful it's a joy to see
43 Durant fix the rubber Durant's got
six now not the best defensive scheme
alts in a wide open look
those this is the room
and it's hardly picking them up
tries it from the top of the key it's
rebounded by Durant tell you what
despite when this he shouldn't hesitate
to take those kinds of looks when he
gets a that's a good shot and they're on
the break and no girl trying to
and we'll see you in just a moment
hello and welcome everyone as we prepare
your lip
the third quarter now beginning both
sides looking to pull away in the last
half of the game
there's Westbrook it's a five-point game
all fueled up and ready to go let's
reset the lineups courtesy of gatorade
for the second half of basketball so for
chicago right now roses fight by bogans
in the backboard luelle dang in Carlos
Boozer there in the forum choice and
it's noah at the center position 2 on
the clock Perkins and Ibaka gets to
Durant fades back
rose with the rebound it's like he's
just trying to showcase his range but
you could probably get a better shot in
that profession hey sure good it doesn't
do you
you miss it from that deep he says so
clutch here's a guy you want on your
side with the game on the line Kevin
passes at lavaca go straight up he lays
it in
his first points of my
was it from g
and reach over the bands through the
first three quarters it's been a fun
game to watch
and now our sideline reporter Doris
Burke as a report for our sprite spark
of the game course Kevin for that great
stretch the Thunder put together they
get the sprite spark award
that often to booming
they're early scoring bursts Thank You
Doris we need a statement with that big
run
team has what I
that's because
one of the great basketball words out
their part I think the defenseman sort
of shell shocked by that spurred ability
they're reeling Nick Collison Kendrick
Perkins they're inside pressure look and
harden in the back hands to rent and at
the small forward that's the line about
there for the Thunder second gets the
first that increases their lead 2624 to
when it's a seven-point ballgame nice
shot to make them all that's a big play
to extend their lead
having any trouble putting the ball in
the basket nope nada I mean we haven't
seen much defense either I mean both of
these team really locks into trying out
story two shakes the first one and that
increases their lead to six
perfect from the line and it's a
seven-point ball game Clark this one
just all but in the book yeah I don't
see your comeback at this point for not
enough time and it's just too big of a
deficit for this too and the running
goes for the alley-oop oh and a nice
defensive play to interrupt the
alley-oop there's rose with the three
mrs. so it's Oklahoma City picking up
the win both teams played well but these
guys have the end hence our player of
the game Kevin Durant
it's a train